{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}
{\f119\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f120\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f122\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f123\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f124\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f125\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f126\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f343\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}
{\f344\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f346\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f347\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f350\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author fedor}{\operator fedor}{\creatim\yr2008\mo1\dy10\hr13\min15}{\revtim\yr2008\mo1\dy19\hr10\min35}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords266}{\nofchars1519}{\*\company Digital Optics Corporation}{\nofcharsws0}
{\vern8203}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f28 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs28 GNUstep Core Installation}{\f28 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {The }{\i GNUstep}{ }{\i Core}{ installation package consists of the core GNUstep packages
\par (gnustep-make, gnustep-base, gnustep-gui, and gnustep-base). These packages give you everything you need to compile many GNUstep and other Cocoa-compatible applications and other tools.   Note that this installer does not come with any applications itself
. In order to actually use GNUstep, you need to download other application installers or the application source code and compile it yourself.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par GNUstep Overview}{
\par 
\par GNUstep is a cross-platform, object-oriented framework for desktop application development. Based on the OpenStep specification originally created by NeXT (now Apple), GNUstep enables developers to rapidly bui
ld sophisticated software by employing a large library of reusable software components. GNUstep is used in production environments at several organizations.
\par 
\par For more information, visit our website at <http://www.gnustep.org>
\par 
\par }{\b How To Use This Package
\par 
\par }{This installer is the second of two installers needed to get GNUstep running on Windows. The first installer is }{\i GNUstep System}{ (gnustep-system-X.X.X-setup.exe).  You should have installed that installer first otherwise GNUstep will not work.

\par 
\par To begin running GNUstep, you need to install some additional applications (Note: currently there are not very many available, but soon there will be).
\par 
\par To begin developing for GNUstep, you can start up the }{\i MSYS}{ Shell, by going to the START -> Programs -> 
GNUstep -> Shell menu item (if you selected the default Start Menu name when installing GNUstep). This creates a normal Unix-like shell that can be used for compiling and installing other GNUstep tools and applications.
\par }}