{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;\f4\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f5\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9760\viewh14180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 GNUstep System Installation
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 The 
\f3\i GNUstep
\f2\i0  
\f3\i System
\f2\i0  installation package consists of 
\f3\i MSYS, 
\f2\i0 the basic 
\f3\i MinGW
\f2\i0  API and several important libraries needed for using GNUstep. Note that this installer does not give you the full GNUstep system (and in fact contains no GNUstep-related files).  You will need to install the 
\f3\i GNUstep Core
\f2\i0  installer after installing this.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 GNUstep Overview
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2 GNUstep is a cross-platform, object-oriented framework for desktop application development. Based on the OpenStep specification originally created by NeXT (now Apple), GNUstep enables developers to rapidly build sophisticated software by employing a large library of reusable software components. GNUstep is used in production environments at several organizations.\
\
For more information, visit our website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnustep.org"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gnustep.org}}\
\

\f4\b How To Use This Package\
\

\f2\b0 This installer is the first of two installers needed to get GNUstep running on Windows. The second installer is 
\f3\i GNUstep Core
\f2\i0  (gnustep-core-X.X.X-setup.exe).  You should install this installer first and then install gnustep-core.\
\
You can test that this installer worked by going to the 
\f5 START -> Programs -> GNUstep -> Shell 
\f2 menu item (if you selected the default Start Menu name when installing GNUstep). This creates a normal Unix-like shell that can be used for many functions.}